Readme.md, before:

## Third-Prty APIs: Work Day Scheduler
A simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

## Outstanding Problems 
- Moment time if statement so rows change color depending on current time.
- Local storage problems, only saves first edit.
- More formatting, if time allows.

## Motivation
Let's get organized and plan our day.
 
## Screenshots
Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

## Tech/framework used
Ex. -

<b>Built with</b>
- HTML
- CSS
- jQuery

## Features
What makes your project stand out?

## Code Example
Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

## API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Tests
Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

## How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

## Contribute

Let people know how they can contribute into your project. A [contributing guideline](https://github.com/zulip/zulip-electron/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) will be a big plus.

## Credits
Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project. 

#### Anything else that seems useful

## License
A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

Louise Lee

Commit message:

Updated and close to final, weird error on line 21 and check if and for loop.

Readme.md, after:

## Third-Prty APIs: Work Day Scheduler
A simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

## Outstanding Problems 
- Weird code at line 21 to confirm local storage save.
- Check if/else and for loop for correctness.


## Motivation
Let's get organized and plan our day.
 
## Screenshots
Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

## Tech/framework used
Ex. -

<b>Built with</b>
- HTML
- CSS
- jQuery

## Features
What makes your project stand out?

## Code Example
Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

## API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Tests
Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

## How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

## Contribute

Let people know how they can contribute into your project. A [contributing guideline](https://github.com/zulip/zulip-electron/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) will be a big plus.

## Credits
Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project. 

#### Anything else that seems useful

## License
A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

Louise Lee
